# Note
- Currently in the process of being made and may not function properly.
- The download script for LCQT on Linux is currently confirmed to be working.
# Usage
- Download the code as a zip and extract it
- Take note of your operating system
- Find your method of choice:
  i. lli: lunar-launcher-inject: attaches agents to lunar launcher
  ii. lcqt: lunar-client-qt: third party launcher made with the qt5 framework
- Open terminal in the directory where you have the script installed
- Give the script elevated permissions by running `chmod +x FILENAME.sh`
- Run the script by executing `./FILENAME.sh`, ensure you did the step above first.|


# Paths
- Weave mods directory: `~/.weave/mods`
- Installation directory: 
  1. lli: `~/Documents/lunar-launcher-inject`
  2. lcqt: `~/Documents/lunar-client-qt`
- Lunar Client's Java Runtime: `~/.lunarclient/jre/LONGAUTOGENERATEDNAME/bin/java`
## How to add the agent with LCQT
- Select the agents tab
- Open your file manager and navigate to `~/Documents/lunar-client-qt`
- Drag and drop the Weave-Loader-Agent.x.x.x.jar into the agents tab.
- Add your mods through the Mods tab, or in your file manager, don't check "Enable Weave", you already added it.
## LLI note
- Lunar Client's launcher must be fully closed before opening LLI, otherwise it will just open the regular launcher.
- You must use LLI each time you want to use Weave.
- You may need to run `chmod +x lli` before opening it.
## Supported versions
- 1.8.9
## Questions and inquiries
- Ask in the Weave Discord here: https://discord.gg/vRzZWSBkfY
## License
- This project is licensed under GPL 3.0.
## here can I find a Windows version?
- https://github.com/Tryflle/LLIWeaveBatchDownload | Smaller but maintained, for LLI
- https://github.com/Tryflle/WeaveBatchDownload | Older but maintained, for LCQT
- https://github.com/unethicalteam/lcbud | Newer and cleaner, supports most injectors.
